Xiaohe He 		 gitHub id: xiaoheh

Shaoyi Zhang     gitHub id: ShaoyiZhang

a) This is a memory card game that requires player to memorize the location of images and match same images together.

b) User Story 1: As a player I can click the images so that they will flip over.
User Story 2: As a player I want to have time to memorize the locations of same images so that I can flip both cards over together.
User Story 3: As a player I can flip over cards that match with each other so that I can get high score in this game.
User Story 4: As a player I want to go to a next level when I win a game so that I won't be stuck at a simple game and lose interest.
User Story 5: As a programer I want to add more levels of difficulty so that this game would be more challenging.
User Story 6: As a student I can use this game as a tutorial for Java GUI so that I can have a more through understanding for actionlisteners.

c) This program compiles and runs, with appropriate build.xml.

d) User Story 1: As a player, I want to have options on the set of images so that I can choose to play the game with images that I prefer.
User Story 2: As a player, I want to have the option to choose a level so that I can directly jump to a harder level without wasting time on simple ones.

e) Current README.md is too simple and lack of information. However, this project is quite well-built we might only add some instructions and explanation of the game rules to the README.

f) Current build.xml is nice and clean. All targets have appropriate description.

g) There are some but not plenty of issues for us to solve and earn 1000 points. All issues are clear in terms of the expectations.

h) Additional issues: New test cases: https://github.com/UCSB-CS56-Projects/cs56-games-memory-card/issues/31
Adjust image sizes: https://github.com/UCSB-CS56-Projects/cs56-games-memory-card/issues/32

i) The code is well-organized with appropriate indentation and javadoc comments. Former authors have made good decisions on class names and variable names which are easy to understand. Minor adjustions may be made, but we don't think there are much redundant code waiting for refactory. Therefore, for other programers, we will say that first take a glance at MemoryGameGui.java and then take a more detailed look at MemoryGameCompnent.java.Then, you are good to start to add new features and solve existing issues.

j) Test cases: There are a few JUnit tests, but those tests do not cover much. There are tests for most, but not all, existing methods, yet only one single test case is provided for each method. We can expand test coverage by adding several random & boundary test cases for each method so that we can fully test every line of the legacy code.